[Edge] Add metrics export and reset state of Edge Worker after worker timeout (#43215)
mistercrunch/Airflow: providers/src/airflow/providers/edge/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.3.0pre0
.........

Misc
~~~~

> * ``Edge Worker state is set ot unkown if worker heartbeat timed out.``

Reviewer: Typo?

> * ``Edge Worker exports metrics and state is set to unkown if worker heartbeat timed out.``

Reviewer: Two things make sense to have two lines.
```suggestion
* ``Edge Worker exports metrics``
* ``State is set to unknown if worker heartbeat times out.``
```
